WEEKLY LOGS 

Week 4: 
We gathered the general requirements for our project.(Bartu Mumcu)
We decided on the features we are going to include in our project. We started thinking about design ideas.(Bartu Özyıldırım)
We began working on the requirements stage. A draft version of the presentation was created. (Ulaş Keskin)
We discussed about the basic features of our application, decided on its name and logo.(Bengisu Serinken)

Week 5: 
We planned precisely how do the presentation perfectly. We met via zoom and recorede our presentation(Bartu Mumcu)
We created a basic UI and prepared our presentation.We had a meeting to discuss possible features. (Bartu Özyıldırım)
We finalized the presentation and recorded our delivery using zoom. This helped us form a strong outline and determine where to start from. (Ulaş Keskin)
We have recorded our presentation via zoom, we explained the features that we have previously put in our report draft.(Bengisu Serinken)

Week 6: 
To write the requirements report well, we discussed the specifications of our project deeply. ( Targeted users, what makes us different etc.)(Bartu Mumcu)
We met and prepared the first drarft of our requirements report. (Bartu Özyıldrım)
Requirements report was written. We explained details like targeted users, benefits of the application, and overall features. (Ulaş Keskin)
We made sure that we explained the intention, basic structure and aims of our application in the requirements report draft.(Bengisu Serinken)

Week 7: 
We received feedback for our requirements report. We finalized it.(Bartu Mumcu)
We made changes according to the feedback required from our TA. I started looking up tools creating a user interface like JavaFX.(Bartu Özyıldırım)
We received feedback for our requirements report. Flows were fixed and second upload was delivered. (Ulaş Keskin)
We have revised and uploaded the final draft of the requirements report with regards to the feedback that we had received.(Bengisu Serinken)

Week 8: 
It was the midterm week so we didn't spend a lot of time on project. (Bartu Mumcu)
I did not do much because of the exams.(Bartu Özyıldırım)
Due to it being the midterm week, progress was minimal. (Ulaş Keskin)
We were not quite productive about the project since we had exams.(Bengisu Serinken)

Week 9: 
We discussed how our ui would be. Accordingly, we prepared the presentation. We labored the parts of it among us.(Bartu Mumcu)
We created a simple UI design. Created the main screens of our application and show the connections between the screens. We preapared our presentation(Bartu Özyıldırım)
UI design presentation was prepared throughout the week. Creation and design were mostly in our focus. During lab hours a presentation was conducted. Similarly a UI design report was prepared containing details to supplement the presentation. (Ulaş Keskin)
We have started planning our UI design and shared the ideas we curently produced with each other.(Bengisu Serinken)

Week 10: 
Project labs were used to finalize and upload the UI design report v2. We connected through zoom to discuss the report throughout the week.(Bartu Mumcu)
We have revised and uploaded the UI design report final draft after discussing the parts that we should be changing, considering the feedback that we have received from our TA.(Bengisu Serinken)

Week 11: 
Detailed design stage was introduced and we discussed how to approach it face to face with our group. We started learning how to use javafx.(Bartu Mumcu)
We have started making basic research about how to implement our ideas into our code.(Bengisu Serinken)

Week 12: 
We finished design report v1. We started coding.(Bartu Mumcu)
We have worked on and uploaded the first draft of Detailed Design report. We finalised the features of the app that we wanted it to have and made research about these features.(Bengisu Serinken)

Week 13: 
Using the feedback on the detailed design report we made progress in our implementation. We got halfway through our classes.(Bartu Mumcu)
We have broadened our research about ways of implementing the features of the app and recorded progress in our code as we learned and implemented these.(Bengisu Serinken)

Week 14: 
Approaching the last week we directed our attentions to coding. A draft and improvable version of the application was created. We prepared presentations and hypotheticals for the demos. Some parts were removed from the implementation the achieve the optimal. (Bartu Mumcu) 
We have recorded major improvements in our code as we moved further on our way of creating the demo.(Bengisu Serinken)
Week 15: 
We delivered our demo during lab hours. Presentation was partitioned to optimize the delivery. Detailed design report v2 was done using feedback from our TA and final version of the code. UML diagram was improved and finalized .(Bartu Mumcu)
We have finalised our presentation and codes and presented them during lab hours.(Bengisu Serinken)
